README.md, before:

# Flexi Modal

Vue JS Modal Plugin that could easy be implemented in your code

## Installation

```js
npm install flexi-modal --save
```

### Usage

Global

```js
import FlexiModal from 'flexi-modal';
Vue.use(FlexiModal);
```

Once installed, it can be used in every Vue component easy.

```html
<a href="#flexi-modal">Open Modal</a>

<flexi-modal 
      name="flexi-modal"
      headerMessage="Are you sure?"
      warningMessage="Warning, this cant be undone!"
      confirmButtonMessage="Proceed"
      declineButtonMessage="Go Back"
      :checkBoxesAllowed="true"
      :checkBoxes="checkBoxes"
      @is-valid="isValid"
></flexi-modal>
```

Enabling of checkboxes (optional) // default option false

```html
 :checkBoxesAllowed="true"
 :checkBoxes="checkBoxes"
```

```js
data: () { 
  return {
    checkBoxes: [ 
      { text: 'Remove all trade history related information', confirmed: false },
      { text: 'Remove stock exchanges database', confirmed: false }
    ]  
  }
}
```

#### Event Listeners 

Listen for 'is-valid' event which returns true if all checkboxes are marked

```js
methods: {
  isValid(valid) {
    valid ? alert('Action Confirmed') : alert('Please Mark the checkboxes in order to proceed the request');
  }
}
```


##### API

| Name        | Type        | Description                                                             |
| :-----      | :-------    | :-----------------------------------------------

Commit message:

FM-10 Added new property modalType, Error/Confirm Modal

README.md, after:

# Flexi Modal

Vue JS Modal Plugin that could easy be implemented in your code

## Installation

```js
npm install flexi-modal --save
```

### Usage

Global

```js
import FlexiModal from 'flexi-modal';
Vue.use(FlexiModal);
```

Once installed, it can be used in every Vue component easy.

```html
<a href="#flexi-modal">Open Modal</a>

<flexi-modal 
      name="flexi-modal"
      modalType="false"
      headerMessage="Are you sure?"
      warningMessage="Warning, this cant be undone!"
      confirmButtonMessage="Proceed"
      declineButtonMessage="Go Back"
      :checkBoxesAllowed="true"
      :checkBoxes="checkBoxes"
      @is-valid="isValid"

```

1. Name property is mandatory. Without providing it, the component will not work.
2. warningMessage, checkBoxesAllowed and checkBoxes is available only for Error Modal(See MODAL TYPE)

#### Modal Type
There are two type of modal that could be use, Error and Confirm Modal.
Default value "false", that mean Error Modal. Confirm modal doesnt 
support checkboxes and its validation. 

```html
<flexi-modal 
      name="flexi-modal"
      :modalType="false"
></flexi-modal>
```

Enabling of checkboxes (optional) // default option false

```html
<flexi-modal 
      name="flexi-modal"
      :modalType="false"
      :checkBoxesAllowed="true"
      :checkBoxes="checkBoxes"
></flexi-modal
```

```js
data: () { 
  return {
    checkBoxes: [ 
      { text: 'Remove all trade history related information', confirmed: false },
      { text: 'Remove stock exchanges database', confirmed: false }
    ]  
  }
}
```

#### Event Listeners 

Listen for 'is-valid' event which returns true if all checkboxes are marked

```js
methods: {
  isValid(valid) {
    valid ? alert('Action Confirmed') : alert('Please Mark the checkboxes in order to proceed the request');
  }
}
```


##### API

| Name        | Type        | Description                                                             |
| :-----      | :-------    | :-----------------------------------------------
